
Name:
Last 4 digits ID:
Computer IP address:
CSE 6331, Cloud Computing					


Quiz Q2, Spring 2020   (c) DL, UTA, 2020


  C&P means cut and paste only those relevant lines from your program(s) into this quiz.


 1.  I understand that I am on my honor during this quiz, I will not collaborate, use 
     non-allowed sources, and I will not discuss or share this quiz with anyone for the next 
     4 hours.
     You MAY: use Google to search, use previous source code, 
     YOU MAY NOT use:
     Email, Facebook, Hangouts, IM, chats, Skype or ANY other human connection.

     This is a timed test. Late tests will have points deducted for being late.
     Very late tests will not be graded.

     When you are complete, with any part, please raise your hand, so we may visually inspect that part.

     The second part of the test, you should electronically submit, you will need to copy and paste 
     only those lines of code to implement that part of the test, usually a few (two to eight) lines of code. 
     Place it immediately after the question.

     Submit this Quiz (renamed) with code cut and pasted, ONLY text. DO NOT submit zips, binaries, libraries,
     or anything other than text.

     When any parts(questions) are complete complete, submit this test, you may make multiple submissions.

     If you have computer, or other, problems, please raise your hand immediately.

     If you understand and agree, please initial here:
     _________________

 2. Get files from this same folder.
   
 3. Name your program/submission with your name and last digits of your ID.

 4. Using the cloud services provider, all functionality possible should be implemented on that provider.
    (Of course, displaying web pages through a browser and the user interface is "local")

Show and submit code:

 5. Show a web page and interface (which resides on the cloud provider) with your name and 
    student ID in large font at the top of every web page dispayed (for this quiz)
    The cloud service provider is IBM Cloud (BlueMix). Only show (demo) this seperately if you are not 
    showing any of the next parts. 

 6. Import quakes.csv and latlong.csv into tables in a Relational Data Base (SQL), if you have already done this, 
    (briefly) explain/describe how you did this. Please note that for some parts of the following you will need 
    to create indexes (keys) appropriately. Please do not change the values in latitude and longitude.

 7. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a two letter country code and display, on a web page, the name of that
    country as well as the latitude and longitude.
    
 8. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a two latitude and longitude pairs, which form a "box" 
    (for example upper left and lower right "corners") and display the names of all coutries within 
    that "bounding" box.

 9. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a two latitude and longitude pairs, which form a "box" 
    (for example upper left and lower right "corners") and a magnitude and for all earthquakes within that
    "bounding" box, that are greater than (or equal to) that magnitude, display the place, then the latitude, 
    longitude, and time for all quakes within that "bounding" box.

 10. Allow a user, through a web form, to give a nst range (for example 10 to 100), as well as  
     two latitude and longitude pairs, ("box") and for magnitudes between 1 and 20, display the number 
     of quakes in intervals of 1, that is the number of quakes from 1 to 2, 2 to 3, etc, up to 19 to 20.

 11. Show GTA parts (5, 6 not necessary), 7, 8, 9, 10
     (as soon as you complete any part.)

 12. When complete, return (send) this quiz
     If you finish early, send this immediately, otherwise send between
     the end of class and no more than 1 minute after that.

 Good Luck!
